So a regulator, it has different meanings depending on what type of job
you're doing. So if you ask a mechanic what a regulator is, it's something
that regulates some kind of flow. So for instance you could
have water going in this direction and then you maybe turn a switch
or apply some, some setting to a control mechanism that separates it into
different, different paths. So let's say need a little bit of
water and you have a lot of water over here then you regulate it so
that only a little bit flows out. But let's say you need lots of water
here, then you regulate it so that there's lots of water that comes
out. So the same thing happens with an electrician, my job. We have
voltage regulators so let's say you have a pump that needs twenty
volts and you have a machine that can provide all of that, you just
don't wanna pump all of the current from that machine into that little,
little box, right. So you have a regulator that provides the right
voltage so that that voltage will just allow the correct current
to go through that machine. That's a voltage regulator.